# BASIC CALCULATOR Qt/C++
THIS REPOSITORY CONTAINS A VERY BASIC CALCULATOR DONE WITH Qt USING THE C++ PROGRAMING LANGUAGE. THIS APP WAS DONE FOR PEDAGOGICAL PUPORSES ONLY TO DEMONSTRATE HOW TO USE THE Qt FRAMEWORK IN DEVELOPING GUI APPLICATION WITH C++. NO COMERCIAL AND PROFIT ACTIVITY WAS MADE BY THE USER IN USING THE Qt FRAMEWORK. THE PRESENT PROJECT AIMS TO HELP ANOTHER PROGRAMMERS STARTING WITH Qt. IT HAS AS THE MAIN GOAL TO SHOW SOME TECHNIQUES WHEN DEVELOPPING GUI APPLICATIONS, WHICH IN SEVERAL CASES HAS LITTLE TO NONE CARE WITH RESPECT TO READABILITY. THIS PROJECT FOCUS IN BEING READABLE, ILUSTRATING SOME STANDARD TECHNIQUES, LIKE THE Qt CHILD-PARENT MEMORY MANAGEMENT MECHANISM, AMONG OTHERS. VARIABLES AND FUNCTIONS USES ENGLISH WORDS, BUT ALL COMENTS ARE IN PORTUGUESE.


THE APPROACH USED HERE WAS A LITTLE DIFFERENT THAN MOST Qt GUI PRATICATION EXAMPLE, THE CLASS DEFINITION AND THE THE METHODS INVOKED BY INTERACTION WITH WIDGETS ARE IN SEPARATE .h HEADER FILES, THAT ARE CALLED FROM THE MAIN .cpp  FILE. C++ NUMBER TYPES, BOOLEAN TYPES AND METHODS TO HANDLE MATHEMATICAL OPERATIONS (AVAILABLE IN THE <cmath> HEADER FILE) ARE USED FOR THE BACK-END OF APPLICATION, ALTHOUGH QString CLASS IS USED INTERNALLY IN SOME METHODS TO EXHIBIT THE OPERANDS AND THE RESULTS OF MATHEMATICAL OPERATIONS IN THE APPLICATION'S DISPLAY. SOME FUNCTIONALITY MAY NOT BE AVAILABLE IN SOME DESKTOP ENVIROMENTS,FOR EXAMPLE, THE ACCESS TO HELP FILE PROVIDED IN THIS REPOSITORY DIRECT FROM THE APPLICATION MENU.


THE CREATOR CLAIMS NO COPYRIGHT OR PROFIT OF ANY KIND IN PART OF THE PRESENT PROJECT. IT'S FREE FOR USE AND MODIFICATIONS AND EXTENSION, WE ONLY DEMAND THE SOURCE TO BE MENTIONED WHEN USE THIS APPLICATION.
